"The product exceeded my expectations! It's incredibly durable and efficient. I highly recommend it to anyone in need of such a tool.",
"I was disappointed with the quality of the product. It broke within the first week of use, and the customer service was unhelpful in resolving the issue.",
"This restaurant never fails to impress me. The food is always delicious, and the staff is friendly and attentive. Definitely worth a visit!",
"I regret purchasing this item. It doesn't work as advertised, and I feel like I wasted my money.",
"The movie was a masterpiece! The acting was superb, the storyline was captivating, and the cinematography was stunning. I can't wait to watch it again.",
"I had a terrible experience at this hotel. The room was dirty, the staff was rude, and there were constant disturbances throughout the night.",
"The book was a page-turner from start to finish. The characters were well-developed, and the plot kept me hooked until the very end.",
"I absolutely love this app! It's user-friendly, and it has all the features I need to stay organized and productive.",
"The concert was a disaster. The sound quality was terrible, and the performers seemed unenthusiastic. I left feeling disappointed and frustrated.",
"I'm impressed with the efficiency of this product. It's made my daily tasks so much easier to manage.",
Absolutely wonderful - silky and sexy and comfortable
Love this dress!  it's sooo pretty.  i happened to find it in a store, and i'm glad i did bc i never would have ordered it online bc it's petite.  i bought a petite and am 5'8".  i love the length on me- hits just a little below the knee.  would definitely be a true midi on someone who is truly petite.
I had such high hopes for this dress and really wanted it to work for me. i initially ordered the petite small (my usual size) but i found this to be outrageously small. so small in fact that i could not zip it up! i reordered it in petite medium, which was just ok. overall, the top half was comfortable and fit nicely, but the bottom half had a very tight under layer and several somewhat cheap (net) over layers. imo, a major design flaw was the net over layer sewn directly into the zipper - it c
I love, love, love this jumpsuit. it's fun, flirty, and fabulous! every time i wear it, i get nothing but great compliments!
This shirt is very flattering to all due to the adjustable front tie. it is the perfect length to wear with leggings and it is sleeveless so it pairs well with any cardigan. love this shirt!!!
I love tracy reese dresses, but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations, shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress.
I aded this in my basket at hte last mintue to see what it would look like in person. (store pick up). i went with teh darkler color only because i am so pale :-) hte color is really gorgeous, and turns out it mathced everythiing i was trying on with it prefectly. it is a little baggy on me and hte xs is hte msallet size (bummer, no petite). i decided to jkeep it though, because as i said, it matvehd everything. my ejans, pants, and the 3 skirts i waas trying on (of which i ]kept all ) oops.
I ordered this in carbon for store pick up, and had a ton of stuff (as always) to try on and used this top to pair (skirts and pants). everything went with it. the color is really nice charcoal with shimmer, and went well with pencil skirts, flare pants, etc. my only compaint is it is a bit big, sleeves are long and it doesn't go in petite. also a bit loose for me, but no xxs... so i kept it and wil ldecide later since the light color is already sold out in hte smallest size...
I love this dress. i usually get an xs but it runs a little snug in bust so i ordered up a size. very flattering and feminine with the usual retailer flair for style.
I'm 5"5' and 125 lbs. i ordered the s petite to make sure the length wasn't too long. i typically wear an xs regular in retailer dresses. if you're less busty (34b cup or smaller), a s petite will fit you perfectly (snug, but not tight). i love that i could dress it up for a party, or down for work. i love that the tulle is longer then the fabric underneath.
Dress runs small esp where the zipper area runs. i ordered the sp which typically fits me and it was very tight! the material on the top looks and feels very cheap that even just pulling on it will cause it to rip the fabric. pretty disappointed as it was going to be my christmas dress this year! needless to say it will be going back.
This dress is perfection! so pretty and flattering.
More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past, they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made, lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid
I like this movie